Add walsh(n) function that returns a Walsh matrix (#28)
JuliaMath/Hadamard.jl: README.md

You can pretty-print a Hadamard matrix as a table of `+` and `-`
(characters indicating the signs of the entries) via `Hadamard.printsigns`, e.g. `Hadamard.printsigns(hadamard(28))` for the 28×28 Hadamard matrix.

You can also obtain a Walsh matrix (sequency-ordered Hadamard matrix) of

> order `n` by using the function `walsh(n)`; the order `n` *must* be powers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
order `n` by using the function `walsh(n)`; the order `n` *must* be a power
```
